Okay.
So now that we have built out our checkbox group component, we are good to remove our former two components
and to update the tests for one of them to now serve our check box group.
So let's open up our file explorer.
And right here in source components, job results, job filter, sidebar, we can select our job types
component right here and the organizations component as well.
I'm going to use the shift key to select both of them.
Right click that and delete.
There we go.
Those files are now gone and in the corresponding tests, unit directory components, job results,
job filter, sidebar.
We have two tests here.
Let's remove one of them.
Let's remove the organizations.
One.
I'm going to remove that test file and for my other one for the job tax component, which no longer
exists.
I'm simply going to rename this to be Job Builder Sidebar CheckBox Group.
Test that?
Yes.
And we'll make this test suite work for our new component.
Somebody drag that over here on the right hand side and we're basically going to go from top to bottom
and adjust accordingly for what this component needs.
So we're still going to need the mount function.
We're still going to need to import and mark out, use store and use router.
Because remember, even though we are passing in the mutation now, we still have the logic of a store
and a router down here coming from the helper functions.
So we will need to make it out in our test at some point.
We no longer need the composable.
Our top level job builder.
The sidebar is now taking care of invoking the composable function and passing in the result as a prop.
So we no longer need this logic in here.
Which means you could probably scroll down and remove the former uses of it as well right here.
But we'll come back to that in a second.
All right.
So up here, we can also rename the components.
So instead of job types, this, of course, is going to be checkbox group.
And that means we're importing it as well from checkbox group dot view.
And I'm going to just click this and copy and paste it wherever it's needed.
So right here we are obviously describing not job types now, but checkbox group.
All right.
So one big difference with our new checkbox group component is we're accepting three props.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to modify my create config factory function to have some default
values for those props, but also allow any given test to provide whatever prop values it wants.
So to kind of have a reasonable fallback, but also to allow customization in any given test.
So as a reminder, the way that we can enable props in our configuration object is we simply add a props
property.
So right here, props.
And we need three props.
The first one is header and here's where we can provide a default value.
So I'm just going to provide some header.
And then for my unique value set, I'm going to use the basic instantiation syntax right here to create
a new set.
Let's give it a set of two values.
Value A and value B.
These are all just completely arbitrary.
And as a reminder, if we pass an array of values to the set constructor right here, we're simply going
to get a set object with these two values right here.
And then finally, we need a mutation prop, and I'm just going to give this an arbitrary string value
of some mutation.
And finally, to allow every test to customize these props, I'm going to provide a props parameter
right here.
But I am going to make it optional by giving it a default value of an empty object.
And then whatever that object is, either an empty object or a custom props object that each test will
pass in.
I'm going to do structure those props right here.
So any test can customize what we have right here.
All right.
And with that, we are good to move through these tests and get them to work.
So right now, we have one failing test suite and three failing tests.
That is perfect.
So moving on down here, we can obviously remove this former mocking out.
We no longer need it.
And this, of course, is going to be a checkbox root right here.
All right.
And we can see here we are clicking on the clickable area in the accordion.
That makes sense.
But here we are going for something with a data test of job type.
This is no longer up to date.
This is now going to be the actual value data test attribute right here, which is always going to be
a value.
That's not to be confused with the dynamic value right here.
That is going to be the string in the set that we are earning over.
This is what we're targeting right here because we want to get the labels to make sure we're displaying
the right text.
So right here, I'm going to look for all occurrences of the data test attribute set to value.
We are using the find all method here.
So this is no longer going to be job type labels.
This is going to be something like checkbox labels or maybe input labels to be more generic.
And right here I'm going to invoke map on those input labels that it finds and get the text inside each
of these so we can maybe put this as input values.
And so input values here is going to be the strings next to each checkbox, and that's going to be dependent
on what I provide here in my sample set.
So here, this is going to be, of course, value A and value B.
Now just because I don't want the user to scroll up and have to understand where these values are going
to come from.
I'm once again going to declare my props in line here, so I'm going to declare a props object right
here.
And the only prop that I'm going to care about in this test is going to be a unique values, and I'm
going to make it the exact same set here.
And just to reiterate what we talked about earlier in the course, you might be thinking, but Boris,
you're overwriting the prop unique values with a prop of unique values.
That is the exact same value.
And that is true.
But the advantage of this approach is that the entire test becomes readable by itself.
A reader has a better understanding that the value A and value B that we're testing for here is directly
connected to the props and the prop called unique values.
Imagine this test gets moved around and moves to the bottom of the file and the user sees value and
value b they might have no clue where it's coming from here.
We're giving them a little bit more of a hint in line.
So I'm okay with this duplication.
All right.
Now, if we're using this props right here, we do have to pass that in here to our create config function.
So make sure to do that right here.
I'm going to pass in props.
Save that.
And now we are down to two failing tests.
All right, let's move on to the next test.
When User Clicks CheckBox, it communicates that user has selected checkbox for job type.
That's no longer value.
It's selected checkbox for value.
All right.
This was our former composed of all.
We no longer need it so we can get rid of it here.
Of course, we're going to mount not job types, but checkbox group.
And this test is worried about calling the commit method, the mock commit method on our store with
the right mutation and the right arguments.
All right.
So this mutation that we have right here is going to be dependent on the mutation that we provide in
our props object.
So right here, once again, I'm going to declare a props object and I'm going to give it a mutation
property.
And this can be whatever string you want.
This could literally be anything we want as long as what we have here is what we put right here.
And that way, once again, all of our logic is wrapped away in this test.
So maybe I'll do something here, something different, like some mutation in all caps, just so we
can test some mutation down below right here.
All right, so we're going to mount the checkbox group.
Let's make sure we also pass props to our create config function.
That's very important.
We're going to click up clickable area.
We're going to click our according to expand it here.
We're once again looking for a data test value of full time.
So this is one of our set values.
So if I want to use one of the set values, I want to make sure I have a set with those values.
So how about we actually provide a set right here?
So I'll do unique values and I'll provide a new set.
And how about I keep an actual value full time to kind of give it a more real life scenario?
This is an example of us using our new checkbox group for job types.
So since I have something like full time here, it will be able to find that data test attribute right
here and keep the rest of the logic here, including the array of full time.
So all that we've basically altered is the logic of what the mutation name is, the mutation prop that
we are passing into this component and we're verifying that when the user clicks the checkbox, this
logic is going to run right here and commit that right mutation, providing the correct array of values.
All right.
And that is going to be enough for us to get this test to pass.
Let's move on to the final test.
This test cares about the push method being called, so it's testing the second half of our select value
function that the router objects push method is called with the right argument once again that we can
get rid of this form or composable.
We're no longer importing it, so we do not need to mock it out once.
Once again here.
This is no longer job types.
This is going to be checkbox group.
Here we say navigates user to job results page to see fresh batch of filter jobs.
There's really no reason for that to change because that still feels appropriate for what we're doing
here.
We still want to have a push constant so that we can reference it later as a just mock function to check
whether it has been called with the right arguments.
So that makes sense.
The only thing that we're doing here once again, is we're using a data test, checking for full time.
So I want to communicate to the reader where this is coming from.
So once again, I'm going to declare a props object and I'm going to provide my unique values key here,
and I'm going to have a new set with the value full time.
Do I really care about the mutation here?
Not really.
This logic is going to run just fine with the default mutation I have defined right here.
What this test really cares about is the push method being called, so I don't really care.
The only reason that I'm caring about the unique values is because we're referencing full time right
here.
So I don't want the reader to be confused as to where that's coming from.
So here I'm going to define my props.
I'm going to pass them in right here.
That's going to allow the component to have the full time data that's actually defined on one of the
inputs.
I'm going to check it and then I'm going to verify that push has been called with the right name of
job result.
All right.
So with that, we can see that our test is passing.
So now we have a wonderful test suite for our new checkbox group component.
And you can see it was pretty simple to move from our previous test to this generic one, and now we
get the benefits of this generic component that can basically do any kind of checkbox script we want
on the left hand side of our page.
All right.
That's all there is to cover in this lesson and also in this section.
So let's wrap up everything in the very next lesson.
I'll see you there.